So, is it just me or is this whole world getting a bit crazy right now?
I wanna make this video about the golden rule as it's called,
but before I get to that, let me share with you what brought me to, uh,
being inspired to make this video. So about a week, week and a half ago,
I was outta town for a wedding and I had a number of different,
just great conversations,
catching up with old friends and a bunch of different people there. And, uh,
got to chatting with some people about how I'm making, you know,
I'm doing a YouTube channel and I,
one of the conversations that stood out and actually let me just mention that.
I asked a number of different people, what it is they would say to humanity,
like seven, if you had the audience of seven plus billion people right now,
and you could say something to them, give a message. What would it be?
And one of the, of conversations that stood out,
and then we also mentioned that a lot of people said similar things like people
need to be nicer to each other.
People need to just stop freaking out about money. Uh,
people talked about how this whole world is being controlled by the few,
which stood out to me. Obviously, if you listen to my other videos <laugh> but,
uh, one of the conversations that stood out was from the mother of the bride.
And I had real nice candid conversation with her. And I asked her, look, we,
if you could say anything to humanity, what would it be? And she said,
literally people need to start being more kind to one another.
And they got me thinking about the golden rule as it's commonly called,
you know, treat people the way you wanna be treated, so to speak.
And now when I was in my undergrad, I, I got my minor in religious studies,
couple reasons needed a GPA booster. And I knew that a lot of these classes,
according to rate my professor.com was like easy.
As you could take a lot of 'em online and do discussion board posts.
But that aside I learned a lot of things in the process. And I also took,
wanted to take those classes, uh,
because I just find it interesting that most of the world's population is
religious. Now me personally, I'm not religious. I was raised CA I don't, I,
I consider myself nonreligious. I'm a spiritual guy.
I believe that we're spiritual beings inhabiting a body. And that essentially,
I, I say that nature's my church and love is my religion.
And I'm a seek of truth. And that there's a lot of,
there's a lot of truths within religion, but there's a lot of things that,
you know,
the most common religions in the world just seem to omit or don't discuss, or,
you know, so I'll just leave it at that. So you know where I'm coming from,
but are you aware that the 13,
most common religions in the world that the base,
the most simplest foundation of every single one of least 13,
most common religions is literally the golden rule.
Now the all worded a little bit differently. And let me give you some examples,
and I know that the print on there is a little bit too small all to see.
So lemme bring you up this one that just shows nine of 'em.
So you can see that they all have something similar. So Christianity,
as an example, a quote, you know, from a straight from scripture is,
and everything due to others,
as you would have them do to you for this is the law of the prophets.
So let's skip over to Judaism.
What is hateful to you do not do to your neighbor. This is the whole of a Torah.
All the rest is commentary, which I think is pretty interesting.
If you think about it, it's saying that this is the most important thing, right?
Hinduism. This is the sum of duty do not do to others.
What would cause pain if done to you, Islam,
not one of you truly believes until you wish for others.
What you wish for yourself. That's from the prophet Muhammad,
Buddhism treat not others in ways that you yourself would find hurtful.
They all basically say the same thing that be nice to others,
just as you want people to treat you and everything will be fine. And you know,
you, you have like say the 10 command meant as an example or different rules and
guidance that all these religions, uh, detail and outline that. Ultimately,
if you just, ultimately, if you just follow the golden rule,
everything works out. Right. But the problem in that, you know, so many people,
you know, the world's population is religious. The,
the percentage of this varies, I've tried to look, you know,
most people believe in a divine being, not everyone's religious.
So keep that in mind, but is it just me or do, are you,
you must know people that are quote unquote religious.
They don't seem to follow the golden rule on a, even close to a regular basis.
Right? Even good people,
people that you think very highly of you see that their egos get the better of
them. Maybe more often than not. Right. And, and one of the, you know,
one of the things it comes back to is a lot of people say respect is a two way
street right now, what I'm saying right now, I myself have,
have also like followed a significant majority of my life.
Kind of saying the same thing. Like I believe being nice to others.
There's been plenty of times where I've been nice to others.
That weren't very nice to me,
but there's been a whole bunch of times where others have crossed my path and I
crossed it right back over to teach them right. Teach.
'em a lesson when people cross you, you teach 'em that it's not nice. And,
and you, and you shove it right back in their face. Right? So, uh, yeah,
that doesn't work.
The ego versus ego is an unwinnable battle that only causes more suffering.
And I remember hearing back in the day, you know, people, you know, people say,
look, you know, by being mean, there's only,
it's hurting yourself in the process. And I always like, kind of laugh that off.
I'm like, Hey, you know, or scoffed it off. Like, you know, well,
that's just something people say to try and encourage others to be nice. Right.
But think about that. When people cross you, when people disrespect, you,
you do, you know what you're witnessing,
you're witnessing a time capsule within them, within themselves,
their own life experiences, because we're all a product of our experiences.
And we've had millions, yes. Millions of life experiences.
And what you're witnessing when someone treats you poorly is how others have
treated them in the past. Think about that. Am I wrong when you reflect on it?
You'll see just how true it really is.
When you get to know people like there's been a couple people I've become very
close friends with that. When we first met, we didn't really hit it off.
Didn't really see eye to eye. And we kind of, weren't very nice to each other.
And as we got to know each other, we realized that we all,
we both had flaws within ourselves.
And then we come from backgrounds that maybe, you know,
we had certain life experiences where, you know,
we felt we had been wronged and you, and you carry those things,
but you it's a subconscious thing. Right? So when you start to realize,
when you become aware, as I say that I am now that I'm, I'm aware, I'm awakened.
So to speak. I mean, every day is, uh, I'm.
I feel like I'm waking up more and more every day,
but you get to this point where you start to figure out what the underlying
issue with humanity is, is that say these 13, most common religions,
how many of them discuss in detail to their followers? The ego, the,
the workings of the human brain, that essentially guys,
we are an animal species. And just like any other animal species,
we have personality, characteristics.
And part of the ego has to do with denial projection that like, you know,
when people judge others, for example, which is something human do all the time,
even if they don't do it out loud and talk crap about others behind their back,
they in their brain, they'll in their thoughts. They'll think, you know, oh,
look at that person. Look what they're wearing. Look what they're doing.
Look how that person reacted to that. Wow. Why would they behave that way?
It is my belief that we all are just operating based on the experiences that we
had and that, because we've walked in our individual shoes for our entire lives,
no one can truly appreciate you. No. Or,
or the experiences that you've had and why you act certain way in certain
circumstances.
And that essentially going back to the ego that we weren't,
most of us weren't trained, we weren't trained in school about this.
We weren't trained religions. We don't, our politicians don't discuss it. Uh,
the new media doesn't discuss the ego and how we can train ourselves to identify
that, you know, when people are behaving like, like, like hard,
excuse my language.
But just trying to cater to every bit of all my audience <laugh>, uh,
that essentially you're witnessing how they've been treated by others.
And they have, they're just oblivious to it. Looking back on my own life.
And the times that I've treated others poorly, I, man,
I didn't think I was treating others poorly. I thought I was justified.
I'm telling them this because of what they just said or did to me.
So they need to know that respect is a two way street.
And if you're gonna treat me poorly now, you know how what's gonna happen? Like,
like looking back, how much suffering did I cause others, how many,
how much suffer has any of us caused others by simply responding to their own
ego? Right. And, and how did it, did it ever work out good?
Even if at the time someone crossed you unjustly and you crossed them back and
you get the win over them, essentially, you,
you overpower their personality and you, I don't know,
you shot them up or whatever. Um, did you feel good about in long term,
couldn't you,
isn't there like a subconscious part of you that realized that that person was
having a really weak moment and you pounded them
basically where I'm going with this.
And going back to my friend's mother who says the whole world needs to be more
kind to one another guys,
you are not helping this world by giving,
by treating poorly and responding to their own ego or,
or choosing to be of the philosophy. That respect is a two-way street.
That for this role to change, it takes all of us.
And that you need to be the change that you wanna be in the world. Right?
Think about that. It only takes critical mass.
I'm not suggesting here that 7 billion people need to start being nice.
Cuz I know that doesn, it's not gonna work like that.
There there's a sense of balance in the universe that as above so below that
there is an opposite to everything. So you're gonna have nice people.
You're gonna have unhappy people, angry people,
but you can have enough people choosing to treat others
the way you would like to be treated. Even when you come across as a jerk,
like have you ever been the person to maybe cross somebody else? You,
you were in a heaven, a moment you've had a bad day. You kind of, I don't know.
<laugh>, we're rude to somebody unknowingly by accident. You, you know,
and it's hard because this is part of the denial thing. You know,
people don't wanna believe that they've crossed others.
They don't wanna believe that they have been at fault.
It's part of the human brain guys. This is like the workings of it. I,
I say that it's the software of the hardware. Our brain's the hardware egos,
the software that denials a hell of a thing.
And most of this world thinks that they're perfectly good people and have done
no wrong. Yet. Most of this world has wrong. Others.
It's just part of the human, uh, psyche.
It's part of the game that we're in and that we're all screwing over other
people. And some of us just do it more than others. So we project, we think, oh,
well this person does it worse than I do. So, you know,
they need to worry about it. Not me.
So the long story short is that the awareness of that look
Nama, stay realizing that what's in others is in you.
The ability for you to be angry with other people based on their actions is
because something within what they did their actions is in with you is in you as
well that you are capable of it.
And maybe you've done those negative actions in the past. I'm very,
I'm speaking very philosophical from, uh,
from a very philosophical standpoint right now. So I hope you're with me.
And I hope this is making sense, cuz this is completely unscripted.
So to close this up,
reflect on the times that you have wronged others and others have wronged you
and think about how in the future, moving forward,
you can help make this world a better place by actually living the golden rule.
That when cross you say something like, thank you. Like if someone disrespects,
you says something rude, just say, thank you.
You'll be amazed at how people will react.
It will often bring them back to planet earth. <laugh> they'll realize,
wait a second. Anyways, I'll leave it at that.
I just wanna give you all something to think about, but uh, I'm Jimmy,
my YouTube channel is bright insight. Like can subscribe, leave me a comment.
Let me know what your thoughts are.
And I have many other used to come on a whole wide variety of topics. Take care,
everybody to.